Create template files for documentation (#2)
ansible-community/project-template: docs/installing.md

# Installing PROJECTNAME

> Edit or remove any sections that don't make sense for your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit or remove any sections that do not make sense for your project.
```
